---
title: Pilot - The First Blog
updated: 2021-10-24 14:28
---

A quick intro to what I'll be blogging here

### Programming 

As a programming enthusiast for the past few years, this is quite obviously one of the things I'd like to talk about extensively on my blog. I have been into programming ever since I was a child. Starting with the typical simple web development and then slowly moving on to android apps. Now, focusing more on Python and ML.

### Finance

The first thing I did when I turned 18 was apply for a PAN card so I can get into the finance market. Even before then, I've been always been closely spectating and monitoring finance news and charts. 

Instead of going with the typical active or passive investing; I decided to merge 'em both. As passive investing, invested in two different mutual funds in which one of them is broad market and the other is industry-specific. As for active investing, selected a few handpicked stocks and then invested heavily in them.

In terms of intraday trading, we have none. Although, still does some swing occasionally then and now.

### Miscellaneous

Under the miscellaneous category, it could be anything from science, politics, psychology, or any other recent information that came across me that I feel is worth sharing. 

### Disclaimer

This is a personal blog. Any views or opinions represented in this blog are personal and belong solely to the blog owner and do not represent those of people, institutions or organizations that the owner may or may not be associated with in professional or personal capacity, unless explicitly stated.

Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.

All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only. The owner of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site.

The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.
